Framework Design Approach
=================
1. For UI Tests : I have used selenium-cucumber-Maven with PageFactory Design Pattern.
2. For API Tests : I have used rest-assured with junit.

Selenium-cucumber is a behavior driven development (BDD) approach to write automation test script to test Web.
Page Factory is an inbuilt Page Object Model concept for Selenium WebDriver but it is very optimized.Here we follow the concept of separation of Page Object Repository and Test Methods. Additionally, with the help of PageFactory class, we use annotations @FindBy to find WebElement. We use initElements method to initialize web elements.

Tools And Environment :
-----------------------
1. IntelliJ IDEA 2016
2. Java-8
3. Maven-3.5.3
4. Enable cucumber-java plugin in IntelliJ
5. Git
6. Required driver versions (Chrome-v2.38 & Gecko-v0.20.1)
7. Required browsers (Chrome-v66.0 & Firefox-v60.0)
8. Windows 64bit

Configure JAVA_HOME and MAVEN_HOM in the Environmental Variables : Follow the setup instructions specified in here https://www.mkyong.com/maven/how-to-install-maven-in-windows/  

Note :
------
Download this project into the c drive to run the tests.

Test Architecture :
-----------------
	HotelBookingSystem
		|src/main/
		|src/test/java
		|	|pageobjects
		|	|	|BookingHomePage
		|	|	|Helpers
		|       |stepDefinitions
		|	|   |    |Hooks
        |	|	|	|StepDefinitions
        |	|	|	|ApiStepDefinitions
        |   |apiTest
        |   |uiTest
		|src/test/resources
		|	|Features
		|	|	|hotelBooking.feature
		|	|Config.Properties

- HotelBookingSystem/Drivers - All the required drivers to run the tests are specified here.

- src/test/java/resources/features** - all the cucumber features files (files .feature ext) goes here.
- src/test/java/resources/Config.properties - All the required configuration properties are defined here (e.g : website url, browsers).

-src/test/javapageobjects/BookingHomePage - This is the PageFactory all the webelemnets are initialized here.
-src/test/javapageobjects/helper - All the required helpers like webdriver wait are defined here.

- src/test/java/stepDefinitions/StepDefinitions - All the step definitions are implemented here.
- src/test/java/stepDefinitions/Hooks - All the step definitions are implemented here.
- src/test/java/stepDefinitions/apiTest - This is the runner file used to run api tests.
- src/test/java/stepDefinitions/uiTest - This is the runner file used to run ui tests.

Writing a test :
----------------
The cucumber features goes in the `Features` library and should have the ".feature" extension. The

Running tests :
--------------
You can run the test by using test runner file:
- Go to uiTest file and right click and click run button to run individual tests
OR
Run using maven commands through terminal:
- "mvn test" This will run both api and selenium tests.
- "mvn test -Dbrowser=browserName" This will run Selenium tests on either Chrome or Firefox based on the given browserName.

Cucumber Reports :
------------------

Once the tests are executed the reports for selenium tests are generated in HTML format inside target/api-cucumber-reports.
Once the tests are executed the reports for api tests are generated in HTML format inside target/ui-cucumber-reports.

Reports generated by cucumber for Api tests :

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36641942/74015565-c8b66d00-4988-11ea-9006-6f51c1500c87.png

Reports generated by cucumber for Selenium tests :

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36641942/74015833-4da18680-4989-11ea-926f-f92376946b2b.png

Note : 
-----
You need to have all the specified environment setup to run the tests.
